# OSLAMS
Online Student Lodging Accommodation Management System

Online Student Lodging Accommodation Management system (also referred as OSLAMS) is a web-based platform software which has the purpose in handling and managing Lodging accommodation for enrolled, prospect student of Universite des Mascareignes. OSLAMS has been designed a way to facilitate all actors who will interact with the system. The system is build using object oriented and minimalist flat User Interface design has been used for mobility. 

The system by itself has the ability to dynamically update itself as per instructions received from users. The system has the basic functionalities that were required to fully functional as per university requirement. In top of that a crypto currency payment has been added to it as a feature for which QR Code will be generated by the system and currency conversion form MUR to Dogecoin will be handle by the system itself.

The system is a well secured and trustworthy as it has the ability to check if user who has logged on is allowed to else the user will be automatically logged out. Properties which have been registered on the system by landlords, upon a user book a property, the system automatically remove the property as available and does not display it for rent. All updates where user attention is required, the system notifies the user via E-mail notifications which are sent by the system to its recipient. OSLAMS has the capacity to handle large data which has been tested on Testing phase.
Reports are generated automatically upon requesting the system, the system has inbuilt printing options and the ability to export data to external file (csv), the system can handle it and output data in the said format. 

The system was built using different module like Bootstrap , CSS , HTML5 and programming language used was PHP7,for validation JavaScript , for handling jQuery was used. Without those modules this project would not be a success and would not be user interactive.

A Software User Guide is also provided.
